Add mobility data source (#70)
CoronaWhy/task-geo: task_geo/data_sources/mobility/audit.md

# GOOGLE MOBILITY REPORTS

## General information

- **Description**: Contains the variations in mobility tracked by Google worldwide.
    The data is presented at both country and region level, with lesser granularity in some cases (US).
- **Credits**: Google.
- **Source**: https://www.google.com/covid19/mobility/

## Description

**country_iso**
- Description: ISO-2 code for the country
- Type: string

**region**
- Description: Name of the region
- Type: string

**date**
- Description: The date the measurements corresponds to
- Type: date.

**retail_recreation**

> - Description: Variance in the given category in relation to the baseline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Description: Changes in movement for places classified as retail and recreation in relation to the baseline.
```
(same for the other categories-- it's a bit easier to know what's going on without going to the google mobility site)

- Type: float

**grocery_pharmacy**
- Description: Variance in the given category in relation to the baseline.
- Type: float

**parks**
- Description: Variance in the given category in relation to the baseline.
- Type: float

**transit_stations**
- Description: Variance in the given category in relation to the baseline.
- Type: float

**workplaces**
- Description: Variance in the given category in relation to the baseline.
- Type: float

**residential**

> - Description:

Reviewer: and don't forget to add a description
